d:\users\merticois\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonoGameUIControls\MonoGameUIControls\bin\Debug\MonoGameUIControls.exe.config
d:\users\merticois\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonoGameUIControls\MonoGameUIControls\obj\Debug\MonoGameUIControls.Properties.Resources.resources
d:\users\merticois\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonoGameUIControls\MonoGameUIControls\obj\Debug\MonoGameUIControls.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
d:\users\merticois\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonoGameUIControls\MonoGameUIControls\bin\Debug\MonoGameUIControls.exe
d:\users\merticois\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonoGameUIControls\MonoGameUIControls\bin\Debug\MonoGameUIControls.pdb
d:\users\merticois\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonoGameUIControls\MonoGameUIControls\bin\Debug\MonoGame.Forms.DX.dll
d:\users\merticois\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonoGameUIControls\MonoGameUIControls\bin\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
d:\users\merticois\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonoGameUIControls\MonoGameUIControls\bin\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
d:\users\merticois\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonoGameUIControls\MonoGameUIControls\bin\Debug\SharpDX.dll
d:\users\merticois\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonoGameUIControls\MonoGameUIControls\bin\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
d:\users\merticois\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonoGameUIControls\MonoGameUIControls\bin\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
d:\users\merticois\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonoGameUIControls\MonoGameUIControls\bin\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
d:\users\merticois\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonoGameUIControls\MonoGameUIControls\bin\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
d:\users\merticois\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonoGameUIControls\MonoGameUIControls\bin\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
d:\users\merticois\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonoGameUIControls\MonoGameUIControls\bin\Debug\MonoGame.Forms.DX.xml
d:\users\merticois\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonoGameUIControls\MonoGameUIControls\bin\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
d:\users\merticois\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonoGameUIControls\MonoGameUIControls\bin\Debug\SharpDX.xml
d:\users\merticois\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonoGameUIControls\MonoGameUIControls\bin\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
d:\users\merticois\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonoGameUIControls\MonoGameUIControls\bin\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
d:\users\merticois\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonoGameUIControls\MonoGameUIControls\bin\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
d:\users\merticois\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonoGameUIControls\MonoGameUIControls\bin\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
d:\users\merticois\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonoGameUIControls\MonoGameUIControls\bin\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
d:\users\merticois\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonoGameUIControls\MonoGameUIControls\bin\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
d:\users\merticois\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonoGameUIControls\MonoGameUIControls\obj\Debug\MonoGameUIControls.exe
d:\users\merticois\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonoGameUIControls\MonoGameUIControls\obj\Debug\MonoGameUIControls.pdb
d:\users\merticois\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonoGameUIControls\MonoGameUIControls\obj\Debug\MonoGameUIControls.Form1.resources
D:\Users\Merticois\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MonoGameUIControls\MonoGameUIControls\obj\Debug\MonoGameUIControls.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\GIT\MonoGameUIControls\MonoGameUIControls\bin\Debug\MonoGameUIControls.exe.config
D:\GIT\MonoGameUIControls\MonoGameUIControls\obj\Debug\MonoGameUIControls.exe
D:\GIT\MonoGameUIControls\MonoGameUIControls\obj\Debug\MonoGameUIControls.pdb
D:\GIT\MonoGameUIControls\MonoGameUIControls\bin\Debug\MonoGameUIControls.exe
D:\GIT\MonoGameUIControls\MonoGameUIControls\bin\Debug\MonoGameUIControls.pdb
D:\GIT\MonoGameUIControls\MonoGameUIControls\bin\Debug\MonoGame.Forms.DX.dll
D:\GIT\MonoGameUIControls\MonoGameUIControls\bin\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
D:\GIT\MonoGameUIControls\MonoGameUIControls\bin\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
D:\GIT\MonoGameUIControls\MonoGameUIControls\bin\Debug\SharpDX.dll
D:\GIT\MonoGameUIControls\MonoGameUIControls\bin\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
D:\GIT\MonoGameUIControls\MonoGameUIControls\bin\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
D:\GIT\MonoGameUIControls\MonoGameUIControls\bin\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
D:\GIT\MonoGameUIControls\MonoGameUIControls\bin\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
D:\GIT\MonoGameUIControls\MonoGameUIControls\bin\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
D:\GIT\MonoGameUIControls\MonoGameUIControls\bin\Debug\MonoGame.Forms.DX.xml
D:\GIT\MonoGameUIControls\MonoGameUIControls\bin\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
D:\GIT\MonoGameUIControls\MonoGameUIControls\bin\Debug\SharpDX.xml
D:\GIT\MonoGameUIControls\MonoGameUIControls\bin\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
D:\GIT\MonoGameUIControls\MonoGameUIControls\bin\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
D:\GIT\MonoGameUIControls\MonoGameUIControls\bin\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
D:\GIT\MonoGameUIControls\MonoGameUIControls\bin\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
D:\GIT\MonoGameUIControls\MonoGameUIControls\bin\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
D:\GIT\MonoGameUIControls\MonoGameUIControls\bin\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
D:\GIT\MonoGameUIControls\MonoGameUIControls\obj\Debug\MonoGameUIControls.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\GIT\MonoGameUIControls\MonoGameUIControls\obj\Debug\MonoGameUIControls.Form1.resources
D:\GIT\MonoGameUIControls\MonoGameUIControls\obj\Debug\MonoGameUIControls.Properties.Resources.resources
D:\GIT\MonoGameUIControls\MonoGameUIControls\obj\Debug\MonoGameUIControls.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
